OSDOCS-13825: Add NOTE to CO, FIO, SPO Documentation (#93387)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/compliance_operator/co-management/compliance-operator-installation.adoc

Before you can use the Compliance Operator, you must ensure it is deployed in the cluster.

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: I don't think there is a style guide rule about this anywhere, but do you think maybe the NOTE should be placed under the two IMPORTANT admonitions? Technically, IMPORTANT would be considered higher severity and arguably should be read first.

Up to you though

====

> All cluster nodes must have the same release version in order for this operator to function properly.

Reviewer: Operator should be capitalized here:
```suggestion
All cluster nodes must have the same release version in order for this Operator to function properly.
```

Reviewer: Please also apply this feedback to the other instances of this NOTE in this PR

> As an example, for nodes running RHCOS, all nodes must have the same RHCOS version.

Reviewer 2: Minor suggestion: use the {op-system} attribute instead of 'RHCOS'.

```suggestion
As an example, for nodes running {op-system}, all nodes must have the same {op-system} version.
```

Reviewer: Please also apply this feedback to the other instances of this NOTE in this PR
